Dependency setup and Capacitor commands

After dependency review and approval, install with:
  npm run deps:install

This uses the committed lockfile, disables dependency install hooks, and applies
the repository's fixes before returning successfully. No versions are upgraded.
Do not override ignore-scripts or use npm rebuild to enable every install hook.

For an existing installation:
  npm run deps:harden

Use the local CLI through:
  npm run cap -- sync android
  npm run cap -- open android

This wrapper applies the fixes before loading Capacitor. Build, start, watch,
ng and resources scripts also apply them explicitly; npm lifecycle hooks are not
used because ignore-scripts disables those hooks. A bare npm ci followed by
npx cap bypasses this setup. Use deps:install and the cap command above instead.

Capacitor CLI telemetry is removed from every reviewed installed CLI copy,
including the one nested under @capacitor/assets. Command arguments, passwords,
errors and identifiers are neither collected nor sent by that telemetry module.
The repository does not read or change the developer's global telemetry settings.
Dependency layout/version changes stop hardening until the policy is reviewed.

Circle: sharp 0.29.3 / libvips 8.11.3

The legacy installer is patched only when its SHA-256 matches the reviewed
source. Both cached and newly downloaded libvips archives must match a pinned
SHA-512 before extraction. The exact verified bytes are passed to the extractor.
Unknown platforms, changed archives and unknown installer sources are refused.
Existing unverified sharp vendor files require a clean dependency installation;
the hardener will not silently accept or delete them.

Checksum source (eleven platform-specific .tar.br.integrity text files):
  https://github.com/lovell/sharp-libvips/releases/tag/v8.11.3
Reviewed sharp installer source:
  https://github.com/lovell/sharp/blob/1ff84b20b7d9b351786fb06899255cea59aa123c/install/libvips.js

The safe install command does not run native dependency setup. Image generation
using sharp/cordova-res may need separately reviewed native setup. This change
does not verify sharp's separate prebuild-install binding download or establish
that every other dependency is safe. Do not enable all lifecycle scripts to fix
a missing native binding.

Run the first-party regression tests without installing packages:
  node --test scripts/dependency-hardening.test.cjs
